# Terms & Conditions
By downloading or using the extension, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the extension. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the extension, any part of the extension, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the extension, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the extension into other languages, or make derivative versions. The extension itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Fabian Große. <br>
Fabian Große is committed to ensuring that the extension is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the extension or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the extension or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for. <br>
The Better 9gag extension stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your device and access to the extension secure. <br>
You should be aware that there are certain things that Fabian Große will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the extension will require the it to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Fabian Große cannot take responsibility for the extension not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left. <br><br>

If you’re using the extension outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the extension, or other third party charges. In using the extension, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the extension outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the extension, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the extension. <br>
Along the same lines, Fabian Große cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the extension i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Fabian Große cannot accept responsibility. <br>
With respect to Fabian Große’s responsibility for your use of the extension, when you’re using the extension, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Fabian Große accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the extension. <br>
At some point, we may wish to update the extension. Fabian Große does not promise that it will always update the extension so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the browser that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the extension, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the extension, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

## Changes to This Terms and Conditions
I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. 

## Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me. <br>
This Terms and Conditions page was generated by App Privacy Policy Generator.